ast file 1

BPA OS Upgrade Application provides a comprehensive automation solution to perform software conformance and upgrades of network devices across different domains. It supports multiple domain controllers and provides a unified user experience throughout. It supports both base OS upgrade and SMU/RPM Patch updates.
Section 1:	Key Capabilities
BPA OS Upgrade Application provides a comprehensive automation solution to perform software conformance and upgrades of network devices across different domains.
It supports multiple domain controllers and provides a unified user experience throughout. It supports both base OS upgrade and SMU/RPM Patch updates.
Section 2:  OS Upgrade Application in BPA provides following key automation capabilities/Components:
Software Image Management – Centralized list of software images and their versions (from all the vendors) for the software upgrade process to use them.
Software Insights – Identify software risks and vulnerabilities exposed to the network assets and get insights on Vendor recommended software versions
Software Conformance – Identify all assets in the network whose software images must be upgraded
Section 3:	End to End Flow
Upgrade MOP Definition - Pre-define the upgrade process along with pre and post checks for each vendor device model/family.
Upgrade Jobs - Schedule upgrades for non-conformant assets during maintenance windows across geo-regions, monitor the upgrade progress and get detailed reports.
Section 4:  OS Upgrade Application in BPA provides following key automation capabilities/Components:
Software Image Management – Centralized list of software images and their versions (from all the vendors) for the software upgrade process to use them.
Software Insights – Identify software risks and vulnerabilities exposed to the network assets and get insights on Vendor recommended software versions
Software Conformance – Identify all assets in the network whose software images must be upgraded
Section 5:	End to End Flow
Upgrade MOP Definition - Pre-define the upgrade process along with pre and post checks for each vendor device model/family.
Upgrade Jobs - Schedule upgrades for non-conformant assets during maintenance windows across geo-regions, monitor the upgrade progress and get detailed reports.
Section 6:
Business Process Automation (BPA) is a cross-domain, multi-tier automation and orchestration solution that manages the lifecycle of network assets across various network architectures such as transport, data center, campus, SD-WAN, and security. 
BPA provides the following features: 
•	An automation solution for managing the lifecycle of Cisco and third-party devices, with use cases such as device onboarding, template management, software conformance, upgrades, and configuration compliance. 
•	A workflow engine for end-to-end service integration and automation of business and operational processes. 
•	Process templates for automating procedures, Market Variances for maintaining location data, and Form Designers for creating UI forms. 
•	An Adapter framework for building East-West integration to Operations Support Systems (OSS) and Business Support Systems (BSS). 

Section 7: 
BPA is pre-integrated with Cisco and Non-Cisco controllers: 
•	Cisco controllers 
o	Network Services Orchestrator (NSO) 
o	Cisco Digital Network Architecture Center (Cisco DNA Center) 
o	Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) 
o	Cisco Catalyst SD-WAN Manager (formerly Cisco vManage) 
Section 8:
o	Umbrella 
o	Duo 
o	ThousandEyes 
o	Direct-to-Device 
o	Cisco Nexus Dashboard Fabric Controller (NDFC) 
Section 9:
o	Cisco Crosswork Network Controller (CNC) 
o	Cisco Secure Firewall Management Center (FMC) 
•	Non-Cisco controllers 
o	Ansible 
o	Checkpoint Manager/Smart Console 
Section 10:
With BPA’s modular architecture, integrations can be extended to other Cisco or third-party controllers. BPA provides benefits such as reduced time to deliver new services, minimized capital 
and operational costs, improved availability, capacity and operational reliability through consistent and automated network configuration, and scalability.  
This section highlights key features, enhancements, and modifications introduced in the Cisco BPA v4.1.1 release. 
    
